data_source_key_vault, resource_arm_key_vault, resource_arm_automation_account, resource_arm_notification_hub_namespace, resource_arm_relay_namespace: Flatten SKU (#3119)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/notification_hub_namespace.html.markdown

* `namespace_type` - (Required) The Type of Namespace - possible values are `Messaging` or `NotificationHub`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `sku` - (Optional) A `sku` block as defined below. 

Reviewer: Can we mark this as deprecated?
```suggestion
* `sku` - (Optional **Deprecated**)) A `sku` block as described below.
```
